# What is GPT3?

**GPT-3 is a large-scale language model developed by OpenAI.** It is the successor to GPT-2, which was released in 2019. When released in June 2020 **GPT-3 was the largest language model ever released**, with 175 billion parameters. Since then, OpenAI has continued to improve on that model (Davinci-001), 

GPT-3 has been trained on a massive amount of text data from the internet, and it can generate text that is indistinguishable from human-written text. Not only that but they have improved their best model (Davinci-001) twice. [First by training it on instructions](https://openai.com/blog/instruction-following/) like Flan-T5 (Davinci-002) and most recently using [reinforcement learning with human feedback](https://aisupremacy.substack.com/p/what-is-reinforcement-learning-with) or RLHF (Davinci-003 AND ChatGPT!).   

## Ethics of Using Such a Powerful Tool
With these incredible capabilities it is worth spending some more time discussing the ethical considerations. [As this editorial published in Nature](https://www.nature.com/articles/s42256-022-00598-x) (a prestigious scientific journal that has published weekly for over 150 years!) so aptly called out:
_"A persistent problem with many experimental AI tools, such as those based on LLMs, is that they have many limitations that are not sufficiently understood, but that could lead, intentionally or unintentionally, to harmful applications. Those who contribute to AI developments, therefore, need to engage more with ethical processes to ensure responsible publication and release of AI tools."_

I would encourage each of you to read this editorial and at least check out a few of the related links if not dive into the discussion further if you plan on launching anything publicly.  

